Update Dashboard Table Widget page (#15725)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/widgets/table.md

    * RUM Events: See the [RUM search syntax documentation][4] to configure a RUM query.
    * Profiling Metrics: See the [Search profiles documentation][5] to configure a profiling query.
    * Security Signals: See the [Security signals explorer documentation][6] to configure a security signals query.
    * APM Statistics: See the [APM stats documentation][7] to configure an APM stats query.
2. Add additional columns to the table by using the **+ Add Query** and **+ Add Formula** buttons.

### Options
* Rename column headers by setting aliases, click the **as...** button.
* Customize the visualization of cell values for each column with Visual Formatting Rules.
* Configure whether or not the search bar displays. **Auto** is the default and shows the search bar depending on the size of the widget, this means if your screen gets too small, it prioritizes displaying the data on the widget and hides the search bar, but is still available in full-screen mode.
* Customize context links to specify the pages users are directed to. See the [Context Links][10] Guide.
* Apply mathematic functions to your queries. See the [Dashboard Graphing documentation][11].

## N/A values

> Columns in the table widget are queried independently from one another. Overlapping groups with matching names are joined on-the-fly to form the rows of the table. As a result of that process, there might be situations with no total overlap, showing N/A cells. To mitigate this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Columns in the table widget are queried independently from one another. Overlapping groups with matching names are joined realtime to form the rows of the table. As a result of that process, there might be situations with no total overlap, showing N/A cells. To mitigate this:
```
